all pet golden hamsters are descended
from just one family found in the
deserts of Syria in the middle of the
last century give them a tunnel system
and they are transported back to the
wild
in the desert they would shelter from
the heat and predators by hiding in
burrows during the day moving x-rays
reveal just how maneuverable years his
flexible spine allows him to take sharp
turns easily in fact his spine is so
bendy he can completely turn back on
himself
few other animals can perform this
complete u-turn
[Music]
presented with food he act as if it's
his last meal stuffing the surplus into
his cheek pouches to be eaten later
[Music]
to keep his food fresh and dry he
secretes no saliva x-rays shows just how
he packs it all in his poachers extend
all the way to his hips
and we can't fit in another morsel he
carries his favorite treat with him
easier said than done
[Music]
disgorging his stash
is his next challenge the nuts stick to
his dry cheek poachers but he has a way
to tackle the problem his surprisingly
dexterous paws
hamsters make these stores because in
the desert they never know where their
next meal may come from here it's a form
of play a way to enjoy wild behavior
that in captivity has no real purpose
[Music]